(phone ringing)
(car honks)
(phone rings)
(girl crying)
No you can keep it.
I'm sorry I don't understand what you're saying.
You're German.
German, yeah.
Are you here on holidays?
Hm?
You, you here, and holidays.
Yeah, holidays.
You work for the Golden Pages?
The German branch, I guess.
Yeah, German.
Ingrid.
Thomas.
(phone buzzes)
(laughs) Here.
It's your fella, is it?
Arschloch...
It's a nice name.
I don't understand.
(speaking German)
You're okay, thanks.
No, it's fine.
Can I--
(making monkey sounds)
Can I just get my book?
Could you just give me my book, please?
Give me the fuckin'--
(sighs) Thank you.
(speaks German)
(slow music)
This is the GPO.
It's where the Irish fought the British.
In the 1916 rising.
See this?
It's a bullet hole.
(imitates gun sound)
(arcade sounds)
Do you want to meet my friends?
(happy guitar music)
(speaking German)
Well, yeah, but he needs to protect himself.
Okay, he's built like a tank, but,
generally speaking, rhinos are quite shy
in personalities.
(imitates animal sounds)
Smile.
(speaks German)
His name is Buddha, him.
Buddha.
Yeah.
Hey Buddha!
It means wise one.
'Cause of the great memories.
You know, they never forget.
They have an adoption program here
that you pay a few Euros
and you get to adopt an animal.
And Buddha, I adopt him. He come to me.
(bell rings)
(phone beeps)
(speaks German)
Oh, toilet, yeah, yeah.
(dance music plays quietly)
Buddha.
(Thomas laughs)
(speaks German)
Hello.
(continues speaking in German)
She wants you to turn it up.
I can't, sorry.
Look, I understand it's probably store policy, but...
you know, you'll really do me a favor
if you'll just turn it up.
Just a fraction, just until the end of the song.
(music gets louder)
The store is now closing.
Please bring your purchase
to the cash desk, thank you.
Who is it?
It's been so long since anybody talked to me.
Listened to me.
Touched me.
I wish you didn't have to go.
(phone buzzes)
Arschloch?
Arschloch.
(slow music plays)
Thank you.
(phone buzzes)